# v2021.3 #

Welcome to our 3rd and final big release of 2021; we're super-excited to launch our *Booking Requests* feature, which has been in development for most of this year.  Documentation can be found in Help & Docs, but in the meantime we have a short video which will give you a high-level overview, click <a style="text-decoration:underline" href="https://bit.ly/3lk9BlH" target="_blank">here</a>.

## New Homepage ##

We have tweaked the navigation of the homepage.  Now if you hover over a tile, you will be shown the sub-navigation items.  This allows you to get to any function in the application with one click.  
New features will be deployed under the **Features** tile (top right), which has taken the place of **Asset Maintenance**.  All items which were under **Asset Maintenance** can now be found now under **Asset Tools**.

## Booking Requests ##

Customers can now book your services online straight into Harbour Assist either via a widget on your website or via their Customer Portal.  Services offered are not restricted to Visitor/Transient Stays, customers can book any service; Boat Lifts, Boat Cleans, Marina Tours, the list is endless.  

If customers book via their Portal, they won't have to re-enter their personal or boat details, saving time and hassle. Another good reason to encourage use of the Portal!

HA users can also book customers in using the same journey, via the Features tile on the homepage.

### Booking Request Profiles ###

We have provided an interface to allow administrators to configure the services your Marina/Organisation offers.  These allow you to configure:

- Name/image etc.
- Whether customers can book this via your website.
- Your standard capacity - how many *Slots* are available per day of the week.
- Which days your standard capacity differs - e.g. Bank holidays, Tidal impacts or staff holidays.
- What communications should go to the customer at each stage of the booking.  e.g. when the book, you confirm, you cancel the booking etc.
- Whether a Task should be created and who it should be assigned to etc.
- Any custom CSS (will make sense to your website team) that should be applied when embedded on your website.

Once configured, we provide the instructions for embedding on your website.

### Booking Requests Manager ###

Once a Booking Request is received, these can be managed via the *Booking Manager*:

- Cancel/Confirm/Reschedule Bookings
- View upcoming and current Bookings
- Navigate to related Account/Boat/Task records

## Updated Accounting Software Exports ##

We have re-written how the system generates files for exporting to financial packages.

- Updated Engine - new formats or tweaks to existing formats can be deployed on a per-tenant basis without re-deploying Harbour Assist.
- Added 2 x new 'out of the box' formats:
    - Quickbooks online
    - MYOB AccountRight

## Minor improvements ##

- Map rendering speed for large number of pins has been improved.
- Multiple Smart list Field additions
- Various reporting mods
