# v2023.1 #

Belated happy new year!  We've been busy adding 3 new features that we hope you'll find useful.

## Electronic Signatures / Agreements ##

Say goodbye to paper-signed Contracts/Agreements in 99% of cases.  Customers can now sign their acceptance of any Terms and Conditions via the portal.  Some highlights:

- Include QuickSign button in Renewal Emails in similar way to the QuickPay button.
- Signed documents are automatically embedded into Invoice Templates.
- Online payment of berthing fees/any other type of service which requires a signature takes the Customer through the signing process.
- Customer can sign with their finger or mouse, and we store a un-tamperable copy of their acceptance, including fingerprint information about their device/location.
- For the less tech-savvy Customers, they can of course download the Agreement, scan it and upload it.

This is the first pass at this functionality and we expect to expand this in the future.

?> More information about Signatures/Agreements can be found [here](Agreements/Agreements.md)

## Quick Order Templates ##

We have listened, we know that you have to keep composing the same Order again and again, especially frustrating during busy times of the year.  Introducing Quick Order Templates.

- Create Templated Orders which can be created against an Account in a few clicks.
- Add Default and Optional Tariffs/Products, so the Marina staff member can upsell or provide options for the Customer when they are composing.
- Enforce mandatory charges.
- Prompt for Vessel if the Quick Order Template has any Vessel-based/length-based Tariffs/rates.

We're hoping this should ensure more consistency and efficiency when handling a busy season.  We have more to come on this feature!

?> More information about Quick Orders can be found [here](QuickOrders/CreatingQuickOrders.md)

## Integration of Quick Order Templates to Booking Requests ##

When we launched Booking Requests in late 2021, we knew the missing piece of the puzzle was the ability to pay for these services as part of the flow.  We've filled this gap!

- Associate a Booking Request profile with one or more Quick Order Templates to allow Customers to compose the services they wish to include.
- Takes the Customer through to your Payment Page, for an end-to-end 'Request > Configure > Pay' flow, without involving a team-member.
- Builds on existing Booking Request functionality so a Task can be routed to the right Team member(s) to action as required.

?> For more information about adding a Quick Order Template into a Booking Request Profile click [here](BookingRequests/CreatingProfile.md)
